conda-create: add page (#6043)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/conda-create.md

# conda create

> Create new conda environments.

> > More information: <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/commands/create.html>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/commands/create.html>.
```

> - Create a new environment named py39 and install Python 3.9 and numpy at least 1.11 in it:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Create a new environment named `py39`, and install Python 3.9 and numpy v1.11 or above in it:
```

> `conda create --yes --name py35 python=3.5 "numpy>=1.11"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`conda create --yes --name {{py35}} python={{3.5}} "{{numpy>=1.11}}"`
```

- Make exact copy of an environment:

> `conda create --clone py35 --name py35-2`

Reviewer: Only adding `-2` might be a tish hard to notice with the preceeding `35`, perhaps `py35-copy` would be a better name?
```suggestion
`conda create --clone {{py35}} --name {{py35-copy}}`
```

> - Create a new environment, name it bio-env and install the biopython package:
> 
> `conda create --name {{bio-env}} {{biopython}}`

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better and be more consistent with other existing pages?

```suggestion
- Create a new environment with a specified name and install a given package:

`conda create --name {{env_name}} {{package_name}}`
```
